# Web cache poisoning via HTTP/2 request tunnelling

## Description

[This lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/request-smuggling/advanced/request-tunnelling/lab-request-smuggling-h2-web-cache-poisoning-via-request-tunnelling) is vulnerable to request smuggling because the front-end server downgrades HTTP/2 requests and doesn't consistently sanitize incoming headers. 

The front-end server doesn't reuse the connection to the back-end, so isn't vulnerable to classic request smuggling attacks. However, it is still vulnerable to request tunnelling. 

## Reproduction and proof of concept

1. Send a request for `GET /` to Burp Repeater. Expand the Inspector's Request Attributes section and change the protocol to HTTP/2.
2. Using the Inspector, try smuggling an arbitrary header in the :path pseudo-header, making sure to preserve a valid request line for the downgraded request as follows:

Name
```text
:path
```

Value
```text
/?cachebuster=1 HTTP/1.1\r\n
Foo: bar
```

Observe that you still receive a normal response, confirming that you're able to inject via the :path.

3. Change the request method to `HEAD` and use the `:path` pseudo-header to tunnel a request for another arbitrary endpoint as follows:

Name
```text
:path
```

Value
```text
/?cachebuster=2 HTTP/1.1\r\n
Host: lab-id.web-security-academy.net\r\n
\r\n
GET /post?postId=1 HTTP/1.1\r\n
Foo: bar
```

Note that we've ensured that the main request is valid by including a Host header before the split. We've also left an arbitrary trailing header to capture the HTTP/1.1 suffix that will be appended to the request line by the front-end during rewriting.

4. Send the request and observe that you are able to view the tunnelled response. If you can't, try using a different `postId`.
5. Remove everything except the path and cachebuster query parameter from the `:path` pseudo-header and resend the request. Observe that you have successfully poisoned the cache with the tunnelled response.
6. Now you need to find a gadget that reflects an HTML-based XSS payload without encoding or escaping it. Send a response for `GET /resources` and observe that this triggers a redirect to `/resources/`.
7. Try tunnelling this request via the `:path` pseudo-header, including an XSS payload in the query string as follows.

Name
```text
:path
```

Value
```text
/?cachebuster=3 HTTP/1.1\r\n
Host: lab-id.web-security-academy.net\r\n
\r\n
GET /resources?<script>alert(1)</script> HTTP/1.1\r\n
Foo: bar
```

Observe that the request times out. This is because the `Content-Length` header in the main response is longer than the nested response to your tunnelled request.

8. From the proxy history, check the `Content-Length` in the response to a normal `GET /` request and make a note of its value. Go back to your malicious request in Burp Repeater and add enough arbitrary characters after the `closing script` tag to pad your reflected payload so that the length of the tunnelled response will exceed the `Content-Length` you just noted.
9. Send the request and confirm that your payload is successfully reflected in the tunnelled response. If you still encounter a timeout, you may not have added enough padding.
10. While the cache is still poisoned, visit the home page using the same cachebuster query parameter and confirm that the `alert()` fires.
11. In the Inspector, remove the cachebuster from your request and resend it until you have poisoned the cache. Keep resending the request every 5 seconds or so to keep the cache poisoned until the victim visits the home page and the lab is solved.

## Exploitability

An attacker will need to poison the cache in such a way that when the victim visits the home page, their browser executes `alert(1)`. A victim user will visit the home page every 15 seconds. 

_Note: This lab supports HTTP/2 but doesn't advertise this via ALPN. To send HTTP/2 requests using Burp Repeater, you need to enable the Allow HTTP/2 ALPN override option and manually change the protocol to HTTP/2 using the Inspector. Please note that this feature is only available from Burp Suite Professional / Community 2021.9.1._
