# JWT authentication bypass via jwk header injection

## Description

[This lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/jwt/lab-jwt-authentication-bypass-via-jwk-header-injection) uses a JWT-based mechanism for handling sessions. The server supports the jwk parameter in the JWT header. This is sometimes used to embed the correct verification key directly in the token. However, it fails to check whether the provided key came from a trusted source. 

## Reproduction and proof of concept

1. In Burp, load the JWT Editor extension from the BApp store.
2. In the lab, log in to your own account and send the post-login `GET /my-account` request to Burp Repeater.
3. In Burp Repeater, change the path to `/admin` and send the request. Observe that the admin panel is only accessible when logged in as the administrator user.
4. Go to the **JWT Editor Keys** tab in Burp's main tab bar.
5. Click **New RSA Key**.
6. In the dialog, click Generate to automatically generate a new key pair, then click **OK** to save the key. Note that you don't need to select a key size as this will automatically be updated later.
7. Go back to the `GET /admin` request in Burp Repeater and switch to the extension-generated **JSON Web Token** tab.
8. In the payload, change the value of the `sub` claim to administrator.
9. At the bottom of the **JSON Web Token** tab, click **Attack**, then select **Embedded JWK**. When prompted, select your newly generated RSA key and click **OK**.
10. In the header of the JWT, observe that a `jwk` parameter has been added containing your public key.
11. Send the request. Observe that you have successfully accessed the admin panel.
12. In the response, find the URL for deleting Carlos (`/admin/delete?username=carlos`). Send the request to this endpoint to solve the lab.

## Exploitability

An attacker will need to log in to `wiener:peter`; modify and sign a JWT that gives access to the admin panel at `/admin`; then delete the user `carlos`. 

Instead of using the built-in attack in the JWT Editor extension, you can embed a JWK by adding a `jwk` parameter to the header of the JWT manually. In this case, you need to also update the `kid` header of the token to match the `kid` of the embedded key. 
