# JWT authentication bypass via jku header injection

## Description

[This lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/jwt/lab-jwt-authentication-bypass-via-jku-header-injection) uses a JWT-based mechanism for handling sessions. The server supports the `jku` parameter in the JWT header. However, it fails to check whether the provided URL belongs to a trusted domain before fetching the key.

## Reproduction and proof of concept

### Upload a malicious JWK Set

1. In Burp, load the [JWT Editor extension](https://portswigger.net/bappstore/26aaa5ded2f74beea19e2ed8345a93dd) from the BApp store.
2. In the lab, log in to your own account and send the post-login `GET /my-account` request to Burp Repeater.
3. In Burp Repeater, change the path to `/admin` and send the request. Observe that the admin panel is only accessible when logged in as the administrator user.
4. Go to the **JWT Editor Keys** tab in Burp's main tab bar.
5. Click **New RSA Key**.
6. In the dialog, click **Generate** to automatically generate a new key pair, then click **OK** to save the key. Note that you don't need to select a key size as this will automatically be updated later.
7. In the browser, go to the exploit server.
8. Replace the contents of the Body section with an empty **JWK Set**:

```text
{
    "keys": [

    ]
}
```

9. Back on the JWT Editor Keys tab, right-click on the entry for the key that you just generated, then select Copy Public Key as JWK.
10. Paste the JWK into the keys array on the exploit server, then store the exploit. The result should look something like this:

```text
{
    "keys": [
        {
            "kty": "RSA",
            "e": "AQAB",
            "kid": "893d8f0b-061f-42c2-a4aa-5056e12b8ae7",
            "n": "yy1wpYmffgXBxhAUJzHHocCuJolwDqql75ZWuCQ_cb33K2vh9mk6GPM9gNN4Y_qTVX67WhsN3JvaFYw"
        }
    ]
}
```

### Modify and sign the JWT

1. Go back to the `GET /admin` request in Burp Repeater and switch to the extension-generated **JSON Web Token message** editor tab.
2. In the header of the JWT, replace the current value of the `kid` parameter with the `kid` of the JWK that you uploaded to the exploit server.
3. Add a new `jku` parameter to the header of the JWT. Set its value to the URL of your JWK Set on the exploit server.
4. In the payload, change the value of the `sub` claim to `administrator`.
5. At the bottom of the tab, click **Sign**, then select the RSA key that you generated in the previous section.
6. Make sure that the `Don't modify header` option is selected, then click **OK**. The modified token is now signed with the correct signature.
7. Send the request. Observe that you have successfully accessed the admin panel.
8. In the response, find the URL for deleting Carlos (`/admin/delete?username=carlos`). Send the request to this endpoint to solve the lab.

## Exploitability

An attacker will need to log in to `wiener:peter`; forge a JWT that gives access to the admin panel at `/admin`; then delete the user carlos.
