# Using application functionality to exploit insecure deserialisation

## Description

[This lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/deserialization/exploiting/lab-deserialization-using-application-functionality-to-exploit-insecure-deserialization) uses a serialization-based session mechanism. A certain feature invokes a dangerous method on data provided in a serialized object.

## Reproduction and proof of concept

1. Log in to your own account. On the "My account" page, notice the option to delete your account by sending a `POST` request to `/my-account/delete`.
2. Send a request containing a session cookie to Burp Repeater.
3. In Burp Repeater, study the session cookie using the Inspector panel. Notice that the serialized object has an `avatar_link` attribute, which contains the file path to your avatar.
4. Edit the serialized data so that the avatar_link points to `/home/carlos/morale.txt`. Remember to update the length indicator. The modified attribute should look like this:

```text
s:11:"avatar_link";s:23:"/home/carlos/morale.txt"
```
    
5. Click "Apply changes". The modified object will automatically be re-encoded and updated in the request.
6. Change the request line to `POST /my-account/delete` and send the request. Your account will be deleted, along with Carlos's `morale.txt` file.

## Exploitability

An attacker will need to log in to `wiener:peter`; and the backup account `gregg:rosebud`; edit the serialized object in the session cookie and use it to delete the `morale.txt` file from Carlos's home directory. 
