# Exploiting PHP deserialization with a pre-built gadget chain

## Description

[This lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/deserialization/exploiting/lab-deserialization-exploiting-php-deserialization-with-a-pre-built-gadget-chain) has a serialization-based session mechanism that uses a signed cookie. It also uses a common PHP framework.

## Reproduction and proof of concept

1. Log in and send a request containing your session cookie to Burp Repeater. Highlight the cookie and look at the Inspector panel.
2. Notice that the cookie contains a Base64-encoded token, signed with a SHA-1 HMAC hash.
3. Copy the decoded cookie from the Inspector and paste it into Decoder.
4. In Decoder, highlight the token and then select Decode as -> Base64. Notice that the token is actually a serialized PHP object.
5. In Burp Repeater, observe that if you try sending a request with a modified cookie, an exception is raised because the digital signature no longer matches. However, you should notice that:
* A developer comment discloses the location of a debug file at `/cgi-bin/phpinfo.php`.
* The error message reveals that the website is using the Symfony 4.3.6 framework.
6. Request the `/cgi-bin/phpinfo.php` file in Burp Repeater and observe that it leaks some key information about the website, including the `SECRET_KEY` environment variable. Save this key; you'll need it to sign your exploit later.
7. Download the [phpgcc](https://github.com/ambionics/phpggc) tool and execute the following command:

```text
./phpggc Symfony/RCE4 exec 'rm /home/carlos/morale.txt' | base64
```
    
This will generate a Base64-encoded serialized object that exploits an RCE gadget chain in Symfony to delete Carlos's `morale.txt` file.

8. You now need to construct a valid cookie containing this malicious object and sign it correctly using the secret key you obtained earlier. You can use the following PHP script to do this. Before running the script, you just need to make the following changes:
* Assign the object you generated in `phpgcc` to the `$object` variable.
* Assign the secret key that you copied from the `phpinfo.php` file to the `$secretKey` variable.

```text
<?php
$object = "OBJECT-GENERATED-BY-PHPGGC";
$secretKey = "LEAKED-SECRET-KEY-FROM-PHPINFO.PHP";
$cookie = urlencode('{"token":"' . $object . '","sig_hmac_sha1":"' . hash_hmac('sha1', $object, $secretKey) . '"}');
echo $cookie;
```

This will output a valid, signed cookie to the console.

9. In Burp Repeater, replace your session cookie with the malicious one you just created, then send the request to solve the lab.

## Exploitability

Although attackers do not have source code access, they can still exploit this lab using pre-built gadget chains. An attacker will need to log in to `wiener:peter`; identify the target framework then use a third-party tool to generate a malicious serialized object containing a remote code execution payload; work out how to generate a valid signed cookie containing your malicious object; and pass this into the website to delete the `morale.txt` file from Carlos's home directory. 
