# Exploiting Ruby deserialisation using a documented gadget chain

## Description

[This lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/deserialization/exploiting/lab-deserialization-exploiting-ruby-deserialization-using-a-documented-gadget-chain) uses a serialization-based session mechanism and the Ruby on Rails framework. There are documented exploits that enable remote code execution via a gadget chain in this framework. 

## Reproduction and proof of concept

1. Log in to your own account and notice that the session cookie contains a serialized ("marshaled") Ruby object. Send a request containing this session cookie to Burp Repeater.
2. Browse the web to find the U[niversal Deserialisation Gadget for Ruby 2.x-3.x](https://devcraft.io/2021/01/07/universal-deserialisation-gadget-for-ruby-2-x-3-x.html) by vakzz on devcraft.io. Copy the final script for generating the payload.
3. Modify the script as follows:
* Change the command that should be executed from id to `rm /home/carlos/morale.txt`.
* Replace the final two lines with `puts Base64.encode64(payload)`. This ensures that the payload is output in the correct format for you to use for the lab.
3. Run the script and copy the resulting Base64-encoded object.
4. In Burp Repeater, replace your session cookie with the malicious one that you just created, then URL encode it.
5. Send the request to solve the lab.

## Exploitability

An attacker will need to log in to `wiener:peter`; find a documented exploit and adapt it to create a malicious serialized object containing a remote code execution payload; and then pass this object into the website to delete the morale.txt file from Carlos's home directory. 
