# Developing a custom gadget chain for PHP deserialisation

## Description

[This lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/deserialization/exploiting/lab-deserialization-developing-a-custom-gadget-chain-for-php-deserialization) uses a serialisation-based session mechanism. By deploying a custom gadget chain, you can exploit its insecure deserialisation to achieve remote code execution. 

## Reproduction and proof of concept

1. Log in to your own account and notice that the session cookie contains a serialized PHP object. Notice that the website references the file `/cgi-bin/libs/CustomTemplate.php`. Obtain the source code by submitting a request using the `.php~` backup file extension.
2. In the source code, notice that the `__wakeup()` magic method for a `CustomTemplate` will create a new Product by referencing the `default_desc_type` and `desc` from the `CustomTemplate`.
3. Also notice that the `DefaultMap` class has the `__get()` magic method, which will be invoked if you try to read an attribute that doesn't exist for this object. This magic method invokes `call_user_func()`, which will execute any function that is passed into it via the `DefaultMap->callback` attribute. The function will be executed on the `$name`, which is the non-existent attribute that was requested.
4. You can exploit this gadget chain to invoke `exec(rm /home/carlos/morale.txt)` by passing in a `CustomTemplate` object where:

```text
CustomTemplate->default_desc_type = "rm /home/carlos/morale.txt";
CustomTemplate->desc = DefaultMap;
DefaultMap->callback = "exec"
```

5. If you follow the data flow in the source code, you will notice that this causes the `Product` constructor to try and fetch the `default_desc_type` from the `DefaultMap` object. As it doesn't have this attribute, the `__get()` method will invoke the callback `exec()` method on the `default_desc_type`, which is set to our shell command.
6. To solve the lab, Base64 and URL-encode the following serialized object, and pass it into the website via the session cookie:

```text
O:14:"CustomTemplate":2:{s:17:"default_desc_type";s:26:"rm /home/carlos/morale.txt";s:4:"desc";O:10:"DefaultMap":1:{s:8:"callback";s:4:"exec";}}
```

## Exploitability

An attacker will need to log in to `wiener:peter`; and delete the `morale.txt` file from Carlos's home directory. 
