# Exploiting DOM clobbering to enable XSS

## Description

[This lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/dom-based/dom-clobbering/lab-dom-xss-exploiting-dom-clobbering) contains a DOM-clobbering vulnerability. The comment functionality allows "safe" HTML.

## Reproduction and proof of concept

1. Go to one of the blog posts and create a comment containing the following anchors:

```text
<a id=defaultAvatar><a id=defaultAvatar name=avatar href="cid:&quot;onerror=alert(1)//">
```

2. Return to the blog post and create a second comment containing any random text. The next time the page loads, the `alert()` is called.

The page for a specific blog post imports the JavaScript file `loadCommentsWithDomPurify.js`, which contains the following code:

```text
let defaultAvatar = window.defaultAvatar || {avatar: '/resources/images/avatarDefault.svg'}
```

The `defaultAvatar` object is implemented using this dangerous pattern containing the logical OR operator in conjunction with a global variable. This makes it vulnerable to DOM clobbering.

You can clobber this object using anchor tags. Creating two anchors with the same ID causes them to be grouped in a DOM collection. The name attribute in the second anchor contains the value "avatar", which will clobber the avatar property with the contents of the href attribute.

Notice that the site uses the `DOMPurify` filter in an attempt to reduce DOM-based vulnerabilities. However, `DOMPurify` allows for the use of the `cid:` protocol, which does not URL-encode double-quotes. This means an encoded double-quote can be injected that will be decoded at runtime. As a result, the injection described above will cause the `defaultAvatar` variable to be assigned the clobbered property `{avatar: ‘cid:"onerror=alert(1)//’}` the next time the page is loaded.

When you make a second post, the browser uses the newly-clobbered global variable, which smuggles the payload in the `onerror` event handler and triggers the `alert()`.

## Exploitability

To solve this lab, an attacker will need to construct an HTML injection that clobbers a variable and uses XSS to call the `alert()` function. _Note: The intended solution to this lab will only work in Chrome._
