# Web cache poisoning with multiple headers

## Description

[This lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/web-cache-poisoning/exploiting-design-flaws/lab-web-cache-poisoning-with-multiple-headers) contains a web cache poisoning vulnerability that is only exploitable when you use multiple headers to craft a malicious request. A user visits the home page roughly once a minute.

## Reproduction and proof of concept

1. With Burp running, load the website's home page.
2. Go to "Proxy" > "HTTP history" and study the requests and responses that you generated. Find the ``GET`` request for the JavaScript file ``/resources/js/tracking.js`` and send it to Burp Repeater.
3. Add a cache-buster query parameter and the X-Forwarded-Host header with an arbitrary hostname, such as example.com. Notice that this doesn't seem to have any effect on the response.
4. Remove the ``X-Forwarded-Host`` header and add the ``X-Forwarded-Scheme`` header instead. Notice that if you include any value other than HTTPS, you receive a 302 response. The Location header shows that you are being redirected to the same URL that you requested, but using https://.
5. Add the X-Forwarded-Host: example.com header back to the request, but keep ``X-Forwarded-Scheme: nothttps`` as well. Send this request and notice that the ``Location`` header of the 302 redirect now points to ``https://example.com/``.
6. Go to the exploit server and change the file name to match the path used by the vulnerable response:

```text
/resources/js/tracking.js
```

7. In the body, enter the payload alert(document.cookie) and store the exploit.
8. Go back to the request in Burp Repeater and set the X-Forwarded-Host header as follows, remembering to enter your own exploit server ID:

```text
X-Forwarded-Host: your-exploit-server-id.web-security-academy.net
```

9. Make sure the ``X-Forwarded-Scheme`` header is set to anything other than ``HTTPS``.
10. Send the request until you see your exploit server URL reflected in the response and ``X-Cache: hit`` in the headers.
11. To check that the response was cached correctly, right-click on the request in Burp, select "Copy URL", and load this URL in your browser. If the cache was successfully poisoned, you will see the script containing your payload, ``alert(document.cookie)``. Note that the ``alert()`` won't actually execute here.
12. Go back to Burp Repeater, remove the cache buster, and resend the request until you poison the cache again.
13. To simulate the victim, reload the home page in your browser and make sure that the ``alert()`` fires.
14. Keep replaying the request to keep the cache poisoned until the victim visits the site and the lab is solved.

## Exploitability

An attacker will need to poison the cache with a response that executes `alert(document.cookie)` in the visitor's browser. 
