# 2FA bypass using a brute-force attack

## Description

[This lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/authentication/multi-factor/lab-2fa-bypass-using-a-brute-force-attack)'s two-factor authentication is vulnerable to brute-forcing.  

## Reproduction and proof of concept

1. With Burp running, log in and experiment with the password change functionality. Observe that the username is submitted as hidden input in the request.
2. Notice the behaviour when you enter the wrong current password. If the two entries for the new password match, the account is locked. However, if you enter two different new passwords, an error message simply states ``Current password is incorrect``. If you enter a valid current password, but two different new passwords, the message says ``New passwords do not match``. We can use this message to enumerate correct passwords.
3. Enter your correct current password and two new passwords that do not match. Send this ``POST /my-account/change-password`` request to Burp Intruder.
4. In Burp Intruder, change the ``username`` parameter to ``carlos`` and add a payload position to the ``current-password`` parameter. Make sure that the new password parameters are set to two different values. For example:

```
username=carlos&current-password=§incorrect-password§&new-password-1=123&new-password-2=abc
```

5. On the Payloads tab, enter the list of passwords as the payload set
6. On the Options tab, add a grep match rule to flag responses containing ``New passwords do not match``. Start the attack.
7. When the attack finished, notice that one response was found that contains the ``New passwords do not match`` message. Make a note of this password.
8. In your browser, log out of your own account and lock back in with the username ``carlos`` and the password that you just identified.
9. Click My account to solve the lab.

## Exploitability

An attacker has already obtained a valid username and password (`carlos:montoya`), but does not have access to the user's 2FA verification code. The attacker will need to brute-force the 2FA code and access Carlos's account page.
