# Client-side prototype pollution via flawed sanitization

## Description

[This lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/prototype-pollution/preventing/lab-prototype-pollution-client-side-prototype-pollution-via-flawed-sanitization) is vulnerable to DOM XSS via client-side prototype pollution. Although the developers have implemented measures to prevent prototype pollution, these can be easily bypassed.

## Reproduction and proof of concept

### Find a prototype pollution source

1. In your browser, try polluting the `Object.prototype` by injecting an arbitrary property via the query string:

```text
/?__proto__.foo=bar
```

2. Open the browser DevTools panel and go to the Console tab.
3. Enter `Object.prototype`.
4. Study the properties of the returned object and observe that your injected foo property has not been added.
5. Try alternative prototype pollution vectors. For example:

```text
/?__proto__[foo]=bar
/?constructor.prototype.foo=bar
```

6. Observe in each instance the `Object.prototype` is not modified.
7. Go to the **Sources** tab and study the JavaScript files that are loaded by the target site. Notice that `deparamSanitized.js` uses the `sanitizeKey()` function defined in `searchLoggerFiltered.js` to strip potentially dangerous property keys based on a blocklist. However, it does not apply this filter recursively.
8. Back in the URL, try injecting one of the blocked keys in such a way that the dangerous key remains following the sanitization process. For example:

```text
/?__pro__proto__to__[foo]=bar
/?__pro__proto__to__.foo=bar
/?constconstructorructor.[protoprototypetype][foo]=bar
/?constconstructorructor.protoprototypetype.foo=bar
```

9. In the console, enter Object.prototype again. Notice that it now has its own foo property with the value bar. You've successfully found a prototype pollution source and bypassed the website's key sanitization.

### Identify a gadget

1. Study the JavaScript files again and notice that `searchLogger.js` dynamically appends a script to the DOM using the config object's `transport_url` property if present.
2. Notice that no `transport_url` property is set for the `config` object. This is a potential gadget.

### Craft an exploit

1. Using the prototype pollution source you identified earlier, try injecting an arbitrary `transport_url` property:

```text
/?__pro__proto__to__[transport_url]=foo
```

2. In the browser DevTools panel, go to the Elements tab and study the HTML content of the page. Observe that a `script` element has been rendered on the page, with the src attribute foo.
3. Modify the payload in the URL to inject an XSS proof-of-concept. For example, you can use a `data: URL`:

```text
/?__pro__proto__to__[transport_url]=data:,alert(1);
```

4. Observe that the `alert(1)` is called and the lab is solved.

## Exploitability

An attacker will need to find a source that you can use to add arbitrary properties to the global `Object.prototype`; identify a gadget property that allows you to execute arbitrary JavaScript; and combine these to call `alert()`.
