# Server-side template injection with information disclosure via user-supplied objects

## Description

[This lab](https://portswigger.net/web-security/server-side-template-injection/exploiting/lab-server-side-template-injection-with-information-disclosure-via-user-supplied-objects) is vulnerable to server-side template injection due to the way an object is being passed into the template. This vulnerability can be exploited to access sensitive data. 

## Reproduction and proof of concept

1. Log in and edit one of the product description templates.
2. Change one of the template expressions to something invalid, such as a fuzz string ``${{<%[%'"}}%\``, and save the template. The error message in the output hints that the Django framework is being used.
3. Study the Django documentation and notice that the built-in template tag ``debug`` can be called to display debugging information.
4. In the template, remove your invalid syntax and enter the following statement to invoke the ``debug`` built-in:

```text
{% debug %}
```

5. Save the template. The output will contain a list of objects and properties to which you have access from within this template. Crucially, notice that you can access the ``settings`` object.
6. Study the ``settings`` object in the Django documentation and notice that it contains a ``SECRET_KEY`` property, which has dangerous security implications if known to an attacker.
7. In the template, remove the ``{% debug %}`` statement and enter the expression 

```text
{{settings.SECRET_KEY}}
```

8. Save the template to output the framework's secret key.
9. Click the "Submit solution" button and submit the secret key to solve the lab.

## Exploitability

An attacker will need to steal and submit the framework's secret key. An account is available: `content-manager:C0nt3ntM4n4g3r`.