# Server-side template injection with a custom exploit

## Description

 This lab is vulnerable to server-side template injection. 

## Reproduction and proof of concept

1. While proxying traffic through Burp, log in and post a comment on one of the blogs.
2. Go to the "My account" page. Notice that the functionality for setting a preferred name is vulnerable to server-side template injection, as we saw in a previous lab. You should also have noticed that you have access to the user object.
3. Investigate the custom avatar functionality. Notice that when you upload an invalid image, the error message discloses a method called `user.setAvatar()`. Also take note of the file path `/home/carlos/User.php`. You will need this later.
4. Upload a valid image as your avatar and load the page containing your test comment.
5. In Burp Repeater, open the POST request for changing your preferred name and use the `blog-post-author-display` parameter to set an arbitrary file as your avatar:

```text
user.setAvatar('/etc/passwd')
```
    
6. Load the page containing your test comment to render the template. Notice that the error message indicates that you need to provide an image `MIME` type as the second argument. Provide this argument and view the comment again to refresh the template:

```text
user.setAvatar('/etc/passwd','image/jpg')
```
    
7. To read the file, load the avatar using `GET /avatar?avatar=wiener`. This will return the contents of the `/etc/passwd` file, confirming that you have access to arbitrary files.
8. Repeat this process to read the PHP file that you noted down earlier:

```text
user.setAvatar('/home/carlos/User.php','image/jpg')
```
    
9. In the PHP file, Notice that you have access to the `gdprDelete()` function, which deletes the user's avatar. You can combine this knowledge to delete Carlos's file.
10. First set the target file as your avatar, then view the comment to execute the template:

```text
user.setAvatar('/home/carlos/.ssh/id_rsa','image/jpg')
```
    
11. Invoke the `user.gdprDelete()` method and view your comment again to solve the lab.

## Exploitability

An attacker will need to create a custom exploit to delete the file `/.ssh/id_rsa` from Carlos's home directory. An account with credentials `wiener:peter` is available.
